Guo Rongkang, it's you who should order the sky, right?
Of course I
allure
Except for Lin Fan
All out
Shoot for disobedience
What kind of character is this?
So majestic
Even the helmsman Guo obeyed him
This person will definitely not speak. This is also a master I invited
Lin Fan, I'll stay with you
I will face this matter with you.
Qinghe, we are all old acquaintances
A little personal
Lin Fan
You are really a dead duck
Friends are waiting for you to arrive at the Hall of Hell
You bull head
Master Xu, don't talk nonsense with him
Let's just go.
Be careful, it will splatter your blood all over
Let's go
Go quickly
The subordinate rescue driver is late
Please forgive me.
Sir, this is
Guo Rongkang sees the undefeated king of blood jade
Do you know what crime
The Lord forgives his sins
The subordinates have no eyes
Please spare my life
That's all.
You didn't collude with the Xu family to do anything bad
And those who don't know are not to blame.
Thank you for killing and killing
Wait, I'm not finished yet.